do not crash on wrong reply status (#330)
RedisGears/RedisGears: docs/configuration.md

_Runtime Configurability_

Supported

## SendMsgRetries

> The **SendMsgRetries** configuration option controls the maximal amount of retries RedisGears will try to send a message before it gives up. Sent failure is considered either an error reply or a disconnection before getting ack on the message. 0 value indicates RedisGears to never give up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **SendMsgRetries** configuration option controls the maximum number of retries for sending a message between RedisGears' shards. When a message is sent and the shard disconnects before acknowledging it, or when it returns an error, the message will be resent until this threshold is met. Setting the value to 0 means unlimited retries.
```
